c:\users\czarek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cookbook\Cookbook\bin\Cookbook.dll.config
c:\users\czarek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cookbook\Cookbook\bin\Cookbook.dll
c:\users\czarek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cookbook\Cookbook\bin\Cookbook.pdb
c:\users\czarek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cookbook\Cookbook\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\czarek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cookbook\Cookbook\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\czarek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cookbook\Cookbook\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\czarek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cookbook\Cookbook\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\czarek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cookbook\Cookbook\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\czarek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cookbook\Cookbook\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\czarek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cookbook\Cookbook\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\czarek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cookbook\Cookbook\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\czarek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cookbook\Cookbook\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\czarek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cookbook\Cookbook\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\czarek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cookbook\Cookbook\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\czarek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cookbook\Cookbook\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\czarek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cookbook\Cookbook\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\czarek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cookbook\Cookbook\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\czarek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cookbook\Cookbook\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\czarek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cookbook\Cookbook\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\czarek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cookbook\Cookbook\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\czarek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cookbook\Cookbook\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\czarek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cookbook\Cookbook\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\czarek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cookbook\Cookbook\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\czarek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cookbook\Cookbook\obj\Debug\Cookbook.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\czarek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cookbook\Cookbook\obj\Debug\Cookbook.dll
c:\users\czarek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cookbook\Cookbook\obj\Debug\Cookbook.pdb
c:\users\czarek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cookbook\Cookbook\bin\saxon9he-api.dll
c:\users\czarek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cookbook\Cookbook\bin\saxon9he.dll
c:\users\czarek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cookbook\Cookbook\bin\IKVM.OpenJDK.XML.API.dll
c:\users\czarek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cookbook\Cookbook\bin\IKVM.OpenJDK.Core.dll
c:\users\czarek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cookbook\Cookbook\bin\IKVM.Runtime.dll
c:\users\czarek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cookbook\Cookbook\bin\IKVM.OpenJDK.Text.dll
c:\users\czarek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cookbook\Cookbook\bin\IKVM.OpenJDK.Charsets.dll
c:\users\czarek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cookbook\Cookbook\bin\IKVM.OpenJDK.Util.dll
c:\users\czarek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cookbook\Cookbook\bin\saxon9he-api.xml
C:\Users\Czarek\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Cookbook\Cookbook\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Czarek\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Cookbook\Cookbook\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
